hi guys so today I'm going to be
teaching you how to make Jack Frost's
hair on a low budget um from the movie
rise of the guardians Jack Frost this
hair is amazing and because I'm such a
dork I wanted to become Jack Frost for
my cosplay and well I got my hair cut
I got a bleached using industrial bleach
which I do not suggest using because it
can actually melt your hair if you use
it for like more than twenty minutes so
just get regular relationship like any
store it's relatively easy relatively
cheap I mean you might want to have a
friend help you I had my mom help me for
when we were first trying to bleach my
hair but I had a lot of difficulty
because my hair was originally black
which is actually black hair dye can
actually cause cancer
so that's yeah I'm never dying my hair
black again but the three simple things
you need um after bleaching and getting
your hair cut is well first you need to
get these yeah trying to orient this
okay um you need to get both of these
type of shampoo these shampoo and
conditioners I'm like really I'm sick
today
so I'm like completely out I can't speak
okay so you need those just to wash your
hair and get out the yellow from the
conditioner and your hair unlike mine
should actually turn almost perfectly
white and then after that you need a
both of those by the way are only six
dollars and you can get them at like Bed
Bath & Beyond for hella cheap
okay so then after that heard me will I
get on to my chair there okay so then
only you need is this stuff which I got
at the mall it's it was cheap again six
bucks and all you need is about this
much just mix it in your hands like sooo
and this stuff stays forever um I was
able to go to school with Jack Frost's
hair and literally after you're gonna
need a little bit more sorry um
literally after eight hours of being at
school I still my hair was still
sticking up and it doesn't leave
anything like in there there's just a
little bit of residue but it doesn't
leave any colored residue which is
really nice and even if it does it's
blue so it actually kind of goes with
the look okay let's see if I can
actually do this today again I apologize
I'm sick and I just am terrible at doing
my own hair I usually have help so what
you should be getting in like three
seconds is Jack Frost's actual hair
style which I am NOT able to pull off
right now this is the best time getting
yeah um also my hair grew out a little
bit because it grows really fast so yeah
but just those three simple things after
bleaching and getting your hair cut
that'll only cost about altogether $25
if it costs more wherever you live I
don't know
so yeah I'm stupid hair stick up okay
well I'm not getting anywhere so I don't
want to waste your guys's time any
longer
um I will do some day soon I will try to
do another tutorial with pitch black
instead of Jack Frost just for like
makeup and stuff but I hope you guys
enjoyed the video please like and
subscribe like every other youtuber
tells you and link to my deviantART and
to the transformation in the description
um see you guys tomorrow or sometime bye